what you're here for
I had the best gunner in the entire
ninth Army messy now I got you I started
this war killing Germans in Africa now
I'm killing Germans in German I promised
my crew a long time ago I keep them
alive why are you here he kills you when
you kill him I need you perform you
can't do it this is all
what happened back there
that's everyday don't get too close to
anyone
you see this right here that is your
heart you are going to have one great
love in your life
the other crossroads these troops get by
it where all the dead in the water oh my
god is you ain't no crew stayed together
like we have that's cause of him no its
wake forest
they're coming how many 300 of them the
tanks busted wait never run before why
we gonna run now I'm gonna hold this
crossroad what are you doing oh I'm
staying in with you
I scared I'm scared too
why we stopping by
you